next to the door some of the interior
features in common the person will start
out with the seats so on the driver's
side seat only underneath the center of
the seat there's a latch that you can
make the order backwards so you can make
the car fit for you it's only adjustable
on the driver side on the passenger side
of course you have the safety bump here
as well my co-stars pull the cross
lock it in our second adjust the seat
steering wheel that's not adjustable
alright the seats also have an
inflatable lumbar support on the
driver's side it's right next to the
seat you can just pump it up it inflates
the middle center of the back of the
seat and there's a button probably can't
see it here but just right underneath
the pump you can push and never release
the pressure on the passenger side it's
right next to the underneath the seat
all right
the features of the carbon-fibre center
console first I'll start from the top
here of course you have your emergency
likes next you've got the seat ears push
it once for it to be on high or the
warmest setting it's orange then you
push it a second time to go a little bit
lower it turns green push it a third
time to go off it's on both the
passenger and the driver side go through
the three settings again and then
they're off next from there when you
want to turn on the heat in the car you
actually have to adjust a couple of
things you can't just turn it to say
warm or cold to have something happen or
just turn on the fan because the fan
will blow but it won't actually build
warm or cold air you actually have to
actually have to engage either the heat
from the right button or the NAEYC from
the left button and just like before if
I push it it turns on you get a light
that indicates that it's on push it
again to turn it off that was the heat
you see the AC the light lights up
pollute four-on-four off so if I wanted
to see on I would turn to the cold
section turn the AC on and then turn the
fan
and if I wanted to heat on it the same
thing turn it to more
turn the heat on and then turn the fan
also if I wanted to recirculate the air
in the car same thing there's every
circulate button right there light turns
on and get that it's on of course as
well next you got the dial at the bottom
if you want it to about the air to blow
from the top events if you want to blow
on your feet and of course you can
adjust it anywhere in between those and
then you can also have it turn it all
the way to defrost or anywhere in
between defrost and your feet from there
we've got the gear stick you can put
into first
neutral in the center or all the way
back for Drive
the final button at the bottom is
traction control or TC if you push the
button it actually doesn't do anything
you actually have to push and pull the
button for about 5 seconds if you do
that then you see TC on the - that means
traction control is off the car always
defaults to traction control being on
for safety finally you have the
emergency brake just like most cars you
push it and pull it straight back to
lock it or you push the button to
disengage that's the center console
alright next I'll talk about storage
inside the car there's three different
places you can store stuff there's one
over here on the right there's the
trinket right here in the center the
aluminum tray and then underneath the
center console right here
alright also down here in the storage
area for the center console
you've got your 12 volt so if you wanted
to plug something in and also there's
the iPod adapter so you can plug your
iPod in and it will connect with this
aerial in the car
next
about the center console so of course
you have your rpms as well as your speed
on here you see everything light up
there if I turn on the lights you see
that everything lights up so another
unique feature that the dash here is the
digital readout you see on here tells us
information like how much charge is left
in the vehicle how many amps the car is
using as well as how many miles we've
gone of course I can cycle through and
get different information so now here is
our trip if I push and hold the button
that's on the right side of the steering
wheel on the stock of a steering wheel I
push and hold it resets the zero go
through again
see it's estimated range right now and
then back to odometer
next you got the steering wheel on the
steering wheel if you wanted to hump the
board it's not in the center that's
where the airbag is they're actually on
the sides right here you might not be
able to see them but they're small
images of horns on each side next on the
left stop you've got the turn signals
turn on the right turn signal down to
the left turn signal Center is off for a
quick flash the high beams you stir it
back and for high beams to be on push
forward next pretty normal like any car
you've got your windshield wipers as
well as the fluid you pulled straight
back you would get moisture wipe your
food put up onto the windshield if I
just push up once it gives a quick sweep
of the window they go up to the first
setting it's low or intermittent if I go
up from that goes on and then
right underneath the VDS is where you
can turn on your lights you've got
parking lights and you've got your
lights all the way on
then there's the trunk release button
and then you've got the adjustment for
the interior the light on the interior
gauges